# Pyber_Analysis

## Analysis Overview
    The purpose of this analysis was to examine the success of PyBer across many different cities. The data set looked specifically at rural, suburban, and urban centers in hopes of understanding the patterns and trends each place saw. The final result of this analysis is summarized in a line graph that displays the total fares by city types over a period of several months. 
    

### Results 
    The results of this study showed that while PyBer has seen incredible success in urban areas, there is much to do in expanding to suburban and rural areas. The urban areas were shown to have the most drivers, and earned the most in fares over the time period examined, while rural saw the lowest in earnings and has the lowest number of drivers. None of the areas saw substantial and consistent growth, rather they experienced growth and then loss rather tumultuously. This could be attributed to inconsistent ride experiences for customers, making them less likely to use PyBer in comparison with the competition. Customer feedback on ride experiences is needed to further understand how the ride component influences likelihood of return.  Another issue could be the lack of accessibility, particularly in rural and suburban areas, far fewer people have access to PyBer, and it is possible that they are not even aware of the company's existence due to the incredibly small driver population in rural areas. Urban areas saw the most fare earnings in March of this year, which may be attributed to students being on spring break and visiting the area. More research should be done on the correlation between major holidays and the use of PyBer services, as these periods might prove to be crucial to further growth of the company. 
    
### Conclusion
     At this point in time, PyBer is successfully growing its presence across the country. The primary source of revenue and success seems to be urban areas. For this reason, I recommend that further advertising and growth be concentrated in the ubran centers for the time being. Establishing a presence in this area will allow for the creation of a consistent and clear image of PyBer and its mission. After becoming better established in urban areas PyBer should expand to suburban and rural areas. I would also recommend, upon entering rural areas, running promotions that would benefit the rural communities. Small communities in rural areas are more likely to be averse to change, introducing the company in a community project would establish PyBer in these rural communities as a reliable and trustworthy service that cares for its customers.
